Restore old CMP (#226)
guardian/consent-management-platform: README.md

});
```

## TCFv1 (deprecated)

> _These should not be used after 15 August 2020, and will be deleted shortly afterwards._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Since 15 August 2020, TCFv1 is deprecated and `oldCmp` should not be used._
```
